Improve error and documentation on the needed link between router and service (#10262)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/routing/providers/docker.md

    ```

>     Attach labels to services (not to containers) while in Swarm mode (in your docker compose file)
>     When there is only one service and the router does not specify any service,
>     then that service is automatically assigned to the router.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Attach labels to services (not containers) while in Swarm mode (in your Docker compose file).
    If there is only one service, and the router does not specify a service,
    then that service is automatically assigned to the router.
```

        deploy:
          labels:
            - traefik.http.routers.my-container.rule=Host(`example.com`)

>             - traefik.http.routers.my-container.service=my-container
>             - traefik.http.services.my-container-service.loadbalancer.server.port=8080

Reviewer 2: Typo:

```suggestion
            - traefik.http.routers.my-container.service=my-container-service
            - traefik.http.services.my-container-service.loadbalancer.server.port=8080
```

Or:
```suggestion
            - traefik.http.routers.my-container.service=my-service
            - traefik.http.services.my-service.loadbalancer.server.port=8080
```

--8<-- "content/routing/providers/service-by-label.md"

??? example "Automatic assignment with one Service"

    With labels in a compose file

    ```yaml
    labels:
      - "traefik.http.routers.myproxy.rule=Host(`example.net`)"

>       # No link specified, and yet myproxy router is linked to myservice

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the improvement brought by the new wording here.

Author: Yes, I agree. I removed it.

>       # No link specified, and yet myproxy router is linked to myservice

Author: ```suggestion
      # service myservice gets automatically assigned to router myproxy
```

      - "traefik.http.routers.myproxy.rule=Host(`example.net`)"
    ```

> ??? example "Explicit definition with multiple Services"

Reviewer: Is this example about port selection?

Author: Nope. It's about showing explicit definition with one service. I tried to fix it with 42d28fd08.
